Which of the following relations has a foreign key in the Relational Schema?
Garden

What is the total number of relations in the Schema for the Garden Management database described above ?
6

Which of the following relationships require a separate relation to be created in the Schema?
Gardens grow Flowers
Gardeners care for Gardens

How many relationships in the ER diagram include the Garden entity?
3

What type of relationship exists between Order and Product in the corresponding ER diagram?
Many-to-many

In the Relational Schema above, which attributes are foreign keys?
All of the above


14.29/20
Based on the diagram below, match the pairs to describe the relationships.
A Project is in a partial relationship with: Designer
A Project can exist without a: Designer
A Designer should be related to at least one: Machine
The cardinality of the relationship of Project to Developer is: Many
The cardinality of the relation of Mac Machine to Designer is: 1
A PC can exist without a: Dev
A Project can run on multiple: Servers


Consider the following relationship involving two entities, students and sections:
3

The entity integrity rule states that:
no primary key attribute can be null

Which of the following are properties of relations?
All of the above

A rule that states that each foreign key value must match a primary key value in the other relation is called the:
referential integrity constraint

In a relation can an attribute be both a primary key and a foreign key.
Yes


If a regular entity type contains a multivalued attribute in an ER diagram then when creating the Relational Schema one must
create two relations one containing the multivalued attribute 

How many relations will there be in the Relational Schema associated with the ER diagram below? (chair ojne)
2

Which relation in the Relational Schema associated with the ER diagram below will contain a foreign key?
Committee

In the figure above, what type of relationship do the relations depict?
One-to-Many 

In the figure above, which attribute would be a foreign key?
Student_ID in Room 








